#labels Featured
This is a list of frequently asked questions. If your question is not being answered, use the !FileBrower Google-Group (http://groups.google.com/group/django-filebrowser) or open a ticket. 

= FAQ =

*I´ve installed the !FileBrowser but it doesn´t work?*

Common errors are: 
   * You´ve installed the !FileBrowser to a directory which is not in your PYTHONPATH.
   * The paths are wrong: Check your projects settings-file (settings.py) and the !FileBrowsers settings-file (fb_settings.py) for all the paths. See [Settings Available Settings] for more on this subject.
----
*Is the !FileBrowser stable and ready for production-use?*

We are using the !FileBrowser for around 20 websites right now. It´s been used by our countries largest publishing agency as well as smaller companies on a daily basis. So, the answer is *yes*.
----
*Why is it not possible to add the !FileBrowser to INSTALLED_APPS?*

Well, it IS possible. It (currently) just doesn´t make sense from my point of view. There´s no model and listing the !FileBrowser somewhere inbetween other INSTALLED_APPS on the Index-Site of the Admin-Interface, is not very useful.
----
*Why do I have to copy the media-directory?*

Django doesn´t serve media-files. This is done by Apache (or another webserver like lighttpd). Therefore, your media-files should be placed outside your Django project. You can copy the media-files to wherever you want - you just have to change URL_FILEBROWSER_MEDIA in fb_settings.
----
*Where should I put the media-directory?*

For the media-directory of the !FileBrowser you can either use Djangos Admin-Media directory (/django/contrib/admin/media) or your own media-directory. You just have to change URL_FILEBROWSER_MEDIA in fb_settings to point to the right location.
----
*Which directory should I use as the !FileBrowsers root directory?*

The !FileBrowsers root directory (as defined with PATH_SERVER) is a directory for files/documents on your server, which should be used by you (or your client/editors) for uploading files. Let´s say you have a directory "media" on your server which holds all your media-stuff: Within this directory you may want to put some subdirectories, e.g. "admin" (for all admin-stuff), "site" (for your websites images and css/js-files) and "uploads". In this case, "media/uploads" should be your !FileBrowsers root-directory.
----
*I´m using the Image-Generator and when I upload an Image not all predefined Image-Versions are being generated?*

Are you sure that your Original Image (the one you are uploading) is *bigger* than all your predefined Image-Versions? If, for example, your Original Image is smaller than just one of your Image-Versions, all Image-Versions except this one are being generated.
----
*What new Features are planned?*

  # Translation.
  # It´d be nice to have an Upload Progress Bar.
  # I´m thinking of defining a model for the !FileBrowser to store file-information and to allow tagging of images/documents. 
----